I'm lost and I'm looking for my baby
Wonder why my baby
Can't be found
I'm lost
And I'm looking for my baby
Lord knows my baby ain't around
So I'm lost
And I'm calling for my baby
Baby. won't you please come home
I'm lost
And I'm calling for my baby
- Sorry. Sorry. excuse me.
- I need you 'cause I'm
I'll give you a hand.
So alone
Thanks. It's...
It's my first time out with him.
I'm a mess. sorry.
That's all right. You're doing fine.
- Hey!
- Just get out the way!
- Jesus Christ!
- What the fuck! Easy. pal. Weirdo.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hi. this is Sam Nelson.
Leave a message and I'll get back to you.
Sam. it's Olivia again.
You're still good for this 10 o'clock
with the man from
the Federal Office of Justice?
I'm sorry to keep chasing. I just...
I haven't heard from you since you landed.
Anyway. um. presumably you're on your way.
Move! Get out of the way!
The next U5 is in three minutes.
Did you stop for a coffee or something?
Yeah. yeah. whatever.
- Let's go!
- Go. go. go!
Armed Police! Show yourself!
Clear.
Turn that shit off.
All clear.
As expected.
Why is it always the early morning
tip-offs that are duds?
Actually. the intel was good...
but we weren't early enough.
So where's the suspect?
Let's go!
Hey!
Hey.
Shift's over.
We're heading out.
Coming up with us?
I'm on a different shift.
Your ID?
Okay. Be safe.
Okay.
Hey!
Knight Rider.
A shadowy flight into the dangerous
world of a man who does not exist.
- All good?
- Yeah. no problems.
Sam?
Sam Nelson?
Yeah.
Mei Tan.
There's no way you'd remember me.
Singapore.
I was the intern on the AmBank deal.
Mostly I did the coffee runs
for the all-nighters.
- Doppio espresso.
- Yes. Yes.
I remember.
You were so impressive.
You not coming?
Dear passengers. this U5 service
to Hönow is ready to depart...
Sam?
I...
Actually. I wanna get on further down.
Stand back please.
I hold my head up
Just enough to see the sky
And when we go We won't go slow
We'll put up such a fight
And you will be one day
Exactly what you are
Just keep your head held high
Kiss your fist. and touch the sky
Too late to keep the world from dying
One day
Whoo
We'll all be there
Yeah. yeah. yeah
We can't turn the power on
while they are still down there.
You know that!
We need to get the network back up.
Right now.
Yes. yes. I get it.
I think I see them coming now...
Get a move on. We need to leave.
Confirming all personnel are out.
Ah. great!
Thank you very much.
There we go.
Ah. boss.
Look. if you're sick then you're sick
and you don't come in.
I'll cover you.
No. rest up and get well soon.
Ciao. ciao.
First night shift?
You'll get used to them.
- Yeah. who needs a social life?
- Yeah. right.
About that...
could you stay for an extra hour?
Paula is off sick
and I need to cover the U8.
It's only for an hour.
And nothing exciting
ever happens on the U5.
- Okay.
- Max.
The U8 is online.
Yes. Okay. Good.
All drivers. this is Control...
We have a good service on all lines.
Wagon 2600?
Because of the snow.
please reduce speed to 25km/h max.
Yes. okay. Understood.
Passengers please be aware.
we've been advised to reduce our speed.
So. today's journey
may take longer than expected.
What's your day like?
Lost passport?
Ambassador's parking tickets?
No. I've got...
Sam Nelson.
Oh. that got shunted down to you. did it?
He's been bugging us for months.
Well. he's in Berlin.
You've invited him in?
Yeah.
We're sitting down with someone
from the Federal Office of Justice.
Thought I saw Arnold Goth in the lobby.
Good luck with that.
Germany not always
as efficient as advertised.
So. what are you doing in Berlin?
I'm...
just here for a meeting.
- Really?
- Yeah.
The Commerzbank merger?
You can't say.
Client confidentiality.
Totally get it.
I don't mean to pry.
I saw the piece in the FT.
The Kingdom hijacking... The inquest.
You've been through a lot.
Hey. I get it.
I'd be a mess.
I mean. I've never been through that.
but. you know. other stuff.
Bad breakup.
Such a bastard.
Control. alt. deleted my life.
Now. I'm here.
Marsha Nelson?
Marsha Smith-Nelson.
How did you...
Got sent these by mistake.
He called it.
Made us walk all the way over here.
You staying the week?
Just a few days.
Taste of the solitary life?
It's lucky I found you. eh?
Or not.
Thanks for making the trip up.
It's no bother.
Is it your birthday? Or Valentine's?
No. It's...
It's an anniversary.
So busy today.
Ironically. my agency worked on a campaign
to get more people to use the U-Bahn.
What about you?
What's your profession?
Let me guess.
NGO?
Humanitarian aid?
Right? No.
You got me. I'm a volunteer medic.
I knew it.
Yes. Nice.
Cool ink by the way.
Yes...
It's just a reminder of my wayward youth.
Oh. that's sweet.
Give him some change.
- Or a pill.
- Fran.
- Jesus.
- Sorry.
People say Berlin's not cheap.
but honestly.
I think you get
so much more space for your rent.
Where you heading?
Oh. I'm like two more stops.
Sorry. Excuse me.
Excuse me. Sorry.
Sorry.
Please. Coming through.
I shouldn't have mentioned
the personal stuff.
I just want to talk to you because...
- Sorry. Mind out the way.
- I could really use a break.
If there's any way
I could pick your brains.
or. and this is me leaning in.
but if you ever have any openings...
Send me your résumé.
Amazing.
Wait. I don't have your e-mail...
Lukas. over here.
Oi! Oi. oi. oi! Slow down. Slow down.
- Go ahead.
- Okay.
That's my lot. Rebecca! Oi!
Be part of the solution.
not the pollution.
Pick it up. Now.
Did you see...
Looks like you've got them under control.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
What time's the museum open?
Ten. But at half past.
the queue's gonna be a mile long. So...
And in this weather...
Please. You Brits. you love to queue
just as much as you like to
complain about the weather.
It's cozy. Come on.
You all right?
George. what's going on?
- Sir. couldn't we just walk?
- We're on that train for three stops.
You can practically
hold your breath. Come on.
- Hey. come on.
- Can we just...
Look where you are going. please.
Yes. kids. this is us.
Come on. come on. come on.
Go. go. go. go. go.
Stay in pairs. Let's go.
One. two. three. four. five. six. seven...
Slow. slow. slow.
Eight. nine. ten. eleven.
twelve. thirteen. fourteen. fifteen...
Hey. what's up? Is it the train?
- What's going on?
- Sir. I can't.
I think you can. George. Come on.
Sir. can you just wait for a second?
George. can you step on. please?
Just get on the train.
Just get in. please.
- Oh. shit.
- That is so embarrassing.
- Girls. please.
- Piss off. Rebecca.
- You all right?
- Yeah. fine.
Just George fretting as usual.
Come on. let's go.
Sir. I ran out of data. What do I do?
I don't know. Talk to each other.
God forbid you practice any German.
This is a total nightmare.
You speak English. yeah? Yeah.
Yeah. I thought so.
Let's not try anything stupid. yeah?
Hey. mate.
Excuse me.
You all right?
I know what you're doing.
- You got something in the backpack. yeah?
- Fuck off.
Something in the bag?
- Yes. Fuck off!
- What? What's in the bag?
Don't fucking touch me. man.
- Just relax. I mean...
- Is there a problem?
None of your business.
You might just wanna check
this guy out. he's acting weird.
- The guy with the backpack?
- Yeah. him with the backpack.
This guy?
Hey. watch it. Hang on. Jesus Christ.
Excuse me!
Could you stop there please?
Out of the way. please.
Hey. I'm talking to you.
Stop walking away.
Why? I've done nothing wrong.
But could you show us your ticket. please?
Are you stopping me
because I don't have a ticket.
or are you stopping me because I'm brown?
What's in your rucksack?
Fuck you.
We need you to calm down. yeah?
We are very calm.
So. please tell us what's inside?
Girls. phones! Please.
Shit. I knew I should've topped up.
- What's in the bag?
- Man. this is bullshit.
- I'm just trying to talk to you.
- You're making a mistake. okay?
- We are a bit concerned.
- I've done nothing wrong.
Sir. we just want to know
what's in your bag.
You don't need to know what's in my bag.
Just leave me alone.
Okay.
- Sir. just step off the train.
- I'm not getting off.
Step off onto the platform.
- You've got this all wrong. okay?
- Now. All right?
- Just drop the bag.
- Fuck you.
- Oh. my God.
- Calm down.
He didn't even do anything.
Get the fuck off me!
- You've got this all wrong.
- Calm down.
Stop resisting.
You'll be okay. Stop.
Please. I've done nothing wrong!
Two steps back.
Remove the bag. Very slowly.
Slowly. Slowly.
Nothing.
So. what's his deal?
He's an asylum seeker.
There's nothing to see here. keep going.
I'm sorry about this misunderstanding.
Did that guy even do anything?
Nah. Police were totally
racially profiling him.
They're not the only ones.
Control...
this is Wagon 2600.
I urgently need a Code 700.
Max...
What's a "Code 700"?
He needs the toilet.
Would you like me to warn
the station manager at Unter Den Linden?
Okay.
Zero Zero. Did you hear me?
Otto?
What are you doing here?
The person you're calling is unavailable...
Pick up. Marko.
please leave a message.
It's me. I can't do this.
Call me back.
Fuck!
Dear passengers.
this train will be held here
for a few more minutes.
Passengers can choose to disembark here
to continue their journey.
I think we should get off here.
George doesn't look so good.
It was hard enough
getting him on the train.
Let's wait. Just a bit.
Nothing like a bit of drama
to start the week. huh?
Excuse me. I saw the driver got off.
Is everything okay?
- Driver's good. No problem here.
- He didn't look okay when I saw him.
Maybe you can. I don't know. check on him?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Otto?
What is it?
Is everything okay?
All good. Just a 700.
I thought you'd been suspended?
- Hey. can you talk to me?
- What's your problem?!
Just leave me alone.
Apologies. Control.
This is Wagon 2600...
ready to depart.
Stand back. please.
I'm sure Sam has
a good reason for not being here.
Look. I get it. You're new here.
You want to make a good impression.
But is this meeting really necessary?
And if so. where exactly is Mr. Nelson?
Sam really wanted you to see this.
What am I looking at?
CCTV footage from Hamburg Border Control.
- How did you get hold of this?
- Just look at it.
Sam thinks this is the man he's after.
The man responsible
for the Kingdom hijacking.
Control. I think we should replace
the driver of Wagon 2600.
Copy that. I'll pass it on.
Maybe leave the boss out of it?
Otto's in enough trouble as it is.
He's not even supposed to be at work.
Let's just say...
he's not feeling great.
Copy.
Wagon 2600...
I understand you're unwell.
We're preparing
another driver to take over.
Control. this is Wagon 2600.
That's not necessary.
I'm feeling a lot better.
What's up?
It's all been arranged. Otto.
- Yes. but I...
- You'll be relieved at the next station.
Shit. This can't be happening.
Right everyone. This is our stop.
Guys. let's go.
Come on. Hello.
All right. Next one is us.
Get up. Pick your bags.
Don't forget anything.
We're not coming back.
- Press the button. Press the button.
- What do you think I'm doing?
- Can you just...
- George. we already tried that.
- Sir. the door won't open.
- Sir.
- Sir. it's not opening. Sir!
- Sir. the door's not opening.
Hey!
Open up.
You're being replaced.
Open the doors.
Interesting.
Sir. that was our stop.
2600. please come in.
It's all good. We get off the next one.
Back to your seats.
Please. careful. Rebecca.
Just sit back down.
George.
You good?
So. next one is us then. yeah?
2600. you must stop at the next station.
Zero Zero. what's going on?
Talk to me.
2600?
Zero Zero?
Driver. you've gone through a red signal.
Otto? Please respond.
All right. now.
Sit back down!
I said. "Sit back down."
I don't know. We'll find out.
I need to get... get by. please? Thank you.
- Give the man some space.
- Come on. wake up. guys.
- I can't do this. I can't do this.
- Sir? Sir. George is freaking out.
- Colin?
- Yeah. I'm trying.
George. George. no!
- Leave the alarm. What are you doing?
- I wanna leave.
George. what are you doing?
Piss off you idiot. get lost! Go away!
Otto? Otto. please respond.
- Look at me.
- It hasn't stopped.
Why won't it stop?
Open the door.
Open the door. for fuck's sake!
Otto. you must stop the train.
Max! What do I do?
Come on!
What the hell are you doing?
You're going too fast. Slow down.
Slow down. Hey!
Slow down! Hey! What the...
You all right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah?
You okay? Yeah?
Why were you driving so fast?
You don't understand.
There's something going on.
- I know.
- I don't...
I don't want to do this anymore.
Hey!
You can't leave.
But we have to get help.
There were police on the train.
- I wanted to...
- I know. I took care of the police.
Wait. How did you get in here?
You're Otto. right?
Who are you?
Otto. listen to me.
I'm hijacking this train.
You're a long way from home
You can't sleep at night
Grab your telephone
Somethin' ain't right
That's evil
Evil is goin' on
Well. I'm just warnin' you. brother
You better watch your happy home
Long way from home
Can't sleep at all
Feels like another mule's kickin'
In your stall
Well. that's evil
Evil is goin' on
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org